hello the wraps by viewers my name is
Peter and I'm going to hands-on video
for you this time it's with tickle fluff
you can see my stupid face right here
hello that's because this thing's got a
reaction cam I'm going to hit start take
a fluff you have to effectively do what
the little ball of fluff once so poker
just tap on the middle of the screen
squeeze I squeeze in with my fingers
like pinch creeping of finger press
stroke I swiped on the screen stroke I'm
going to do it again at tickle I'm going
to sort of rub my finger and squeeze
again there we go stroke go on go for it
there we art and shake i'm going to
shake the device poke poke again shake
it again you can see how this is getting
a little bit faster a little bit tougher
stop high five there he goes stroke
squeeze squeeze again there we go my
word so things oh and i didn't do what
tickle fluff wanted he wanted to stroke
not to squeeze oh goodness so I can
share my reaction in the bottom right
hand corner here it's quite off-putting
seeing myself on this m or i can go
again let's go again show i'm just going
to grab some information from the screen
what i am reading a 69 pounds 19 da 69
pounds ninety-nine cents across the app
stores let's go again when it comes out
it is on the i can't do both these
things at once it's coming out in the
26th of march it's tickling there we go
and yeah tickle fluff it is it's it's
fun it's neat it's a little bit what is
it it's i guess one of those it's just
like a reaction game right it's a it's
one of those buffets tickle ah it's like
a bapat but instead of a plastic thing
you're sort of you've got a tickle fluff
an adorable little tickle
there we are yeah do let me know what
you're making of this one in the
comments this is Peter with apps by com
we review you decide